I don't like the watermark, and sometimes, my videos aren't viewable, and when I click on it, it closes all of my tabs. I don't understand why this happens.
Hi can i talk something 
please come inbox email bilalrazzaq227@gmail.com
umm idk why it doesn't do that to me i love screen castify
guys be nice it was a mistake sheesh
its fun and fun and fun a ngood fun qwertyuio
Check your internet or something. Maybe that will help? Just trying to help here! And sorry if it doesn't work.

It's perfect! Check your internet or something. Maybe that will help? Just trying to help here! And sorry if it doesn't work.
It's fun, don't forget fun too, and don't forget ngood and qwertyuio why am I doing this?
Couldn't be more pleased... I use this all the time to create onscreen walkthrough video demos of software. Well worth the premium version.
Hi Nickolas, thanks for this feedback! We look forward to continue providing even more helpful features to you for recording, editing, and receiving videos! 😄
Well, this is kinda good but blurry.
Wow
If there were anything else for me to use on my chromebook I would. This is a horrible app that takes for ever, glitches constantly and has the worst editing tools in existence. It takes about 3 hours to edit and process a 40 minute video.
Well its a chromebook, what you expect?
I remember when cory said he took 3 hours to edit a one hour video...
Screencastify of 2019 isn't the same as the one from 2021. With the pandemic subsiquent explosion of Chromebooks, Screencastify really ramped up their game, added features and fixed bugs. Now, if your Chromebook is 10 years old then....nothing else to say
I love this extension and have been using the free version for years. Took the plunge and bought the premium version to get even more good features
Naateplays your a piece of garbage.
NaatePlaays, We have sent you the best way to fix your problems. If you don't know anything please contact us and we'll be happy to help you with your problem


Remember go to our report bug page and list off everything you have and Ill be happy to help...

- Thank you
-The Screencastify Squad
Hi Mark, thanks for this feedback! We look forward to continue providing even more helpful features to you for recording, editing, and receiving videos! 😄

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
Super easy to use and the google drive links load really quickly in comparison to some of the other recording apps.
Hi Thumbs Up Marketing, thanks for this feedback! We absolutely prioritize making sure you own all of your videos in your Google Drive, and we're so glad you're finding Screencastify to be helpful 😄

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
I enjoyed the programming and most of the features were quite useful. The one issue that I had with it is that if you did not pay money a lot of the quite useful features were not there. Some examples are the fact that if you use the free part you can only have 50 videos per a month. This normally would not be an issue (unless you film more than 50 videos a month and in that case, this is not the extension for you) but, the recorder only records for 10 minutes, and for me, a person who records hour long videos for youtube, this was an issue. It really depends on what you want to use it for, because if you make videos less than 10 minutes this will work great for you but if not, look at other apps.
omg thanks.. im a teacher and i need to record a 2 hour class so this kinda feedback is really important~
Hi minerva, Thank you for the feedback! The video limited has been fixed with this new update we made at the screencastify headquarters.
This update will let you get more videos and will give you more useful tools such as Thumbnail editor, Bucket paint, And other cool stuff you can use.
This update might also might give you a frames per second booster and put a extra 30 minutes in your videos.
To get the update you need a webcam or any webcam. Next turn it on and thats it
If the update doesn't work the go to www.Screencastify.com/ReportBug And the bug you reported will be sent to the screencastify team

Thank you!
--The Screencastify Squad
Hi Minerva, thanks for this feedback! We removed most of the limitations from our free plan last year: https://www.screencastify.com/blog/screencastify-2020/

We'd be happy to hear your updated feedback since that announcement 😄

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
Good concept, needs a lot of work though... One of my biggest issues was how laggy and glitchy it was. All the audio was jumbled up, and the webcam often glitched out. Highly would not recommend.
Reelia is the alternative you need. Sceeencastify is just old news. Reelia has a bunch of editing featres (like trimming and cropping), and all of them are available for free without the need for an account. With Screencastify, to even start using it, you need access to a Google account. Screncastify used to also have most of its editing features locked behind a paywall, but after a 2020 update most of the features (with the exception of cropping) were unlocked for free users. Reelia has unlimited recording time (and I mean, UNLIMITED recording time) as well as unlimited recording length, both for free, without an account required. Screencastify, on the other hand, used to have a 10 minute recording time for free accounts, perfect for a channel as small as mine. Then they just so happened to shorten the free recording length by 50%, and now the new one is 5 minutes. Hippo Video had like free 30 minutes, then they also cut it down to 5 minutes. Then, they realized the awful decision they made, and now they increased it to 15 minutes for free accounts.. But no other screen recorder will now ever top Reelia. Everything is free, without an account required. If you're sick of Screencastify just as much as I am and want a good alternative, then I highly recommend deleting Screencastify and installing Reelia instead. Trust me, you'll find it way more useful.
Hi SauceBerry, Thank you for the feedback. Were so sorry that this had to happen to you.
Not a lot of people have this issue but you.
ScreenCastify made an Update where if you enable webcam you can get a Frames per second booster.
If that doesn't work than go to www.ScreenCastify.com/ReportBug and the bug you reported will be sented to the screencastify team

Thank you
-- The ScreenCastify Squad
Hi SauceBerry Sauce, thanks for this feedback. I'm so sorry that you're having a hard time using Screencastify! Screen recording is an inherently CPU-intensive process. Therefore, some lag is possible if you have many competing programs, applications, and processes running while you're recording. (Here's some more help: https://learn.screencastify.com/hc/en-us/articles/360049229474-My-recording-is-laggy-and-or-has-a-low-frame-rate)

If you're still having issues with recording and/or processing, would you mind reaching out to us here (https://www.jotform.com/form/202818802961155) so we can help investigate what might be happening? 

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
I like it because it's one of the easiest way to share your code/tasks/questions with other people
Hi Arthur, thanks for this feedback! We look forward to continue providing even more helpful features to you for recording, editing, and receiving videos! 😄

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
This program is exceptional if used for videoing gaming
Hi Thomas, thanks for this feedback! We do have quite a few people who record to share their gaming 🎮 prowess with friends and fans 😄

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
this is awsome and i love it :D i'd say i made half the video's i have on you tube with it 10/10
Hi Arthur, thanks for this feedback! We look forward to continue providing even more helpful features to you for recording, editing, and receiving videos! 😄

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
DOESN'T WORK! JUST HAS THIS ANNOYING SOUND TO IT!
Hi  Daximus, Thank you for the feedback. This does not often happen to people but you.
This will happen when the screencastify microphone is not working.
To see if your microphone is still working or not go to www.ScreenCastify.com/My-Audio-And-Microphone
There you can see if your  microphone is ruined or still working.
The audio Can be fixed by enabling webcam.
By turning on your webcam this could giving you better audio and a frames per second booster 
If that does not work than go to www.ScreenCastify.com/ReportBug And the bug you reported  will be sent to the screencastify team

Thank you
--The ScreenCastify Squad
it works dum dum
garbage app
This app sucks it makes your computer lag which makes the video laggy it has poor sound capture and now this app is forcefully downloaded by my school district through admin which sucks.
Hello Saksham Gaming, Thanks for the feedback.
This happens to a lot of people and Im here to help
You can get better Frames and no lag by enabling Webcam
This could stop all the lag and give you a Frames per second booster 
This update Helped out a lot of people so this should help out for you
Again were so sorry for the lag but this update will 100% help you
And if the update doesn't work than go to www.ScreenCastify.com/ReportBug And the bug you reported  will be sent to the screencastify team

Thank you
--The ScreenCastify Squad
Hi Saksham Gaming, thanks for this feedback. I'm so sorry that you're having a hard time using Screencastify! Screen recording is an inherently CPU-intensive process. Therefore, some lag is possible if you have many competing programs, applications, and processes running while you're recording. (Here's some more help: https://learn.screencastify.com/hc/en-us/articles/360049229474-My-recording-is-laggy-and-or-has-a-low-frame-rate)

If you're still having issues with recording and/or processing, would you mind reaching out to us here (https://www.jotform.com/form/202818802961155) so we can help investigate what might be happening? 

Thanks again!
--The Screencastify Squad
Check your internet connection, and mic.
So happy I finally found this product. I teach online, and so I was searching for a way to help my students get more from our lesson time. With a video record, they have one more super-simple way to review and to focus on things like errors, fluency, pronunciation, intonation, etc. Granted,  had to subscribe to get the features I wanted, but this thing is the bomb! I tried a lot of other options (including Loom), but nothing proved to be stable on my two Chromebooks. This thing neither slows down my computer, nor does it crash it. Unless I root around, I am not even aware that it is operating. What's more, it can store straight to my Google Drive, and I can also upload videos directly to YouTube. Sharing from YouTube is a super easy, and the resulting video looks and sounds great. I am happy, happy, happy!
That is great! My teacher gave me a project using screencastify so thats how I found out about it.
I agree! I am a 12-year-old and I would like to be a teacher when I grow up! I record my creations and edit them to my liking! I love Screencastify!!
you go to upload video and click files and click the video and put a tile and so on and you have a youtube video
Technical support and remote and travel, this is the best way to record all of your work and provide a link or URL for the customer to review if they have any questions!
It's super easy to use and nice and simple but has a decent amount of features to it
rather not buy. It was horrible. The time during recording was okay, but seriously,when i watched all my videos, it looked as if my computer was glitching.DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE IN A SERIES OF UNFORTUNATE EVENTS.or possibly count olaf
It is not that bad actually nota user!
NIce one XD, Honestly I'm gonna try it out myself

i love it it is my dream app do recommend this app i hope you love it as i do ❤💋🙈😜😃😇😁😀
I really do think so too. I can't believe some people haven't had a good experience. It's been amazing for me.
I agree it is the best✌❤😌👌
i ❤ this app 😎
Absolutely Recommended . Thank You Developer for a such Great Effort...
Bought it and paid for premium ages ago.  Works great - perfect for what I need, including creating presentations for my staff or online programs.  This is the perfect tool for content creators!
my experience too - using it for training and it works well
Super outil qui permet d'enregistrer les actions sur son écran (juste une fenêtre du navigateur ou le bureau entier)
Malgré la limite du nombre de vidéos enregistrées, il reste très utile et c'est le plus facilement utilisable que j'ai connu jusqu'ici.
Les options sont également très complètes !
Je l'utilise pour des captures vidéos de mon écran de quelques secondes à quelques minutes
i love it! i can use it to record anything and it's so amazing!(: thanks for an awesome extension!
its good but the game sound doesnt work without a mic i need help on that ....
it was okay but it can have more feaures that is the only downfall
I liked it......
I liked it......
I liked it......
crop and trim tool is not working!
Works for me. It has been well over a year since your review so perhaps that was a bug fix.
Great extension. the only missing thing is to record selected screen rectangle. I have double monitor hense full-size video is too wide
Have you tried EVERYTHING, because it works for me. Sometimes you just have to mess around with it a little bit, try again.
Really great 
Easy to use 
User friendly 
Larger time screen captures 
Clear video and sound 
Simply, I love it 
Good job
thank you very much
Love the extension.  Just need a few more options like how to change from one screen to another.
It is really nice :) pls add edit and trim option as well
it was working perfectly for me the stop opening after about a month of using it. I deleted and re downloaded it but it only got worse. It's upsetting
You have to pay for editing

I hate how the maximum length without premium is only 10 minutes. That is absolute trash. Hate it, and you're getting 1 star. Looking for another screen recorder now.
10 minuets is the average length of a youtube video and it works better then some screen recorders you have to pay for. 
THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER! This is so easy! Recommended
Don't listen to them. Its a great website.
this is soooooo bad i cannot believe you liked it. It might be easy but it is horrible quality.Soapbox is easy,good quality and freee
its ok i mean it lags but still loved it so make sure you get this app :)))
great exention easy to use fun. it is realy helping my youtube channel .
Love It
I would of given it a full star but, 10 minutes is to short. Please make it longer! Thanks!
sure
Lost all PC audio after allowing permissions on install on new PC w/Windows 10. Does not allow to set default local save folder, Does not even tell you where on your local drive where the default save folder is. Uninstalling hoping to get PC audio back. Has potential enough to warrant 2 stars.
Buggy, waste a lot of time getting the trimmer and editor to work, glitches in the sound quality.
Leaveyour enties in the subreddit bros and ill watch submisions in the next episode of lwiay
Hi there, 

I'm so sorry to hear that you have experienced bugs while using Screencastify. We' love to help with editing and the sound quality. Will you send us an email at support@screencastify.com? It may also be helpful to check out our help articles at help.screencastify.com

Nef @ Screencastify
i had to find a screen recorder because today was the start of my new youtube channel and i like to do things when i say i will do them, i went onto google and searched easy screen recorder and im glad i chose this one
i started a new youtube channel too! whats your youtube channel name?I hope this was helpful but it wasn't such a good recorder. or maybe my computers broken or something.
Puts the fun back into setting down to the computer, and has greatly enhanced \deliverables\ for customer facing promotional  materials.
Thank you for the kind words! 

Nef @ Screencastify
love it 10 stares if you see me or fjffjkykfjjhf *
Thank you for the kind words. 

Nef @ Screencastify
great program.
best app

Thank you! We pride ourselves on putting out an excellent product. 

Nef @ Screencastify
this is an awesome tool
definatly
Should i download it?
I agree! Easy to use, and helps with a lot of different things.
Installed the Plugin. But I can't start the Screencast without adding a GoogleAccount. 
Maybe I do not grant any app access to my GoogleDrive, cause there is important stuff and it is too risky for me (yes, I am German - ;)

So nope -- I won't use this app.
I think it´s fine.
Hi Thomas, 

The extension is built to work best with Google and specifically Google Drive. You'll need to log on with your Google account. However, you can turn Google Drive sharing off so that videos are only saved to your computer. If you would like more information, please reach out to us at support@screencastify.com

Thanks for giving us a try, 
Nef @ Screencastify
ok
Awesome tool  - Must use .. Feels like giving webinar when using Embed camera option
Thanks for the feedback! We want to make it extremely easy for anyone to create webinars. 

Nef @ Screencastify
cool right
super easy way to record things!  able to record everything I do so my team can watch later...
Thank you for the kind words. Glad that you have a new way to connect with your team. 

Nef @ Screencastify
ok
you guys that have this app should love it because it's the best in my opinion.  i post my youtube videos with it at school. Check out my youtube if you can. Caleb The gamer
I also use it to record youtube videos make sure to check out  my youtube videos/ George haritakis
It's pretty good... UGH! MONEEEEEY!
Hi there, 

Glad to hear that you like it. You should be happy to know that the lite version of our extension is free and we are committed to keeping it free forever. 

Nef @ Screencastify
good
good extension.... would like to have more free something like this :)) :D
nice
Have been using it for several years on multiple systems without issue.  Curious why some people are having issues running it and experiencing lag.  Perhaps it takes a system that has enough horsepower to use it.  I also introduced this program at work to make videos showing how to reproduce GUI bugs.  Have never heard of anyone having issues using it.  

Love that videos are uploaded to google accounts.  Since work uses google as our mail system we can limit our video views to email addresses on our domain only.  Very helpful.
I'm so glad to hear that you have used the extension across multiple devices and years. Thank you for the kind words and feedback. 

Nef @ Screencastify
Some people have trouble with the audio, and having the voice heard without sounding like there was static electricity
I like this app  
*****
5 Stars!
WE LOVE IT, so much even got the upgrade and have been intuitively using it for well over a year now.
Then school decides to buy three years of M$N 365 and our Master Professors 'prefer' we use Scream'O-Matic then we have to ditch both of those because neither plays nicely with the Non-Chrome Compliant \Lock-Down Browser\ (Honesty & Integrity Maintainer -Nah, more like false sense of Security and a waste of educational funds, time and other scarce much needed resources. I'll be back after this class!
Nef'ster,  
\Doh-Ray-Me-Sew/So Happy To Be Back!!!!\ 
Especially enjoying the high-speed, low-drag, latest & upgradest, PREMIUM SCREENCASTIFY!
Stay Motivated!
ATLR
So happy to hear that you enjoy the extension. I hate that you'll have to take a hiatus but we hope that you'll be back 

Nef @ Screencastify
